Added doc to use oauth for pulsar scaler (#1161)
kedacore/keda-docs: content/docs/2.10/scalers/pulsar.md

- `subscription` - Name of the topic subscription
- `msgBacklogThreshold` - Average target value to trigger scaling actions. (default: 10)
- `activationMsgBacklogThreshold` - Target value for activating the scaler. Learn more about activation [here](./../concepts/scaling-deployments.md#activating-and-scaling-thresholds).(Default: `0`, Optional)
- `authModes` - a comma separated list of authentication modes to use. (Values: `bearer`, `tls`, `basic`, `oauth`, Default: `""`, Optional, `tls,bearer` or `tls,basic` are valid combinations and would indicate mutual TLS to secure the connection and then `bearer` or `basic` headers should be added to the HTTP request)
- `oauthTokenURI` - Token endpoint for your OAuth provider

> - `grantType` - only `client_credentials` is supported

Reviewer: if `client_credentials` is the only supported type, then we can make it a default one, right? And we don't have add a property for it in here.

Author: yes, I can make it as default if works better.

Reviewer: yeah and remove the property from the config pls

- `scopes` - space delimited oauth scopes(Optional). 

> - `clientID` - clientID from your OAuth provider.  It will be ignored if clientID is also provided from `authenticationRef`

Reviewer: I think we should move this to TriggerAuthentication. We tend to not put credentials related stuff into trigger config. 

@tomkerkhove @JorTurFer WDYT

Reviewer: You can check Kafka scaler: https://keda.sh/docs/2.10/scalers/apache-kafka/#authentication-parameters

Reviewer 2: I don't think that `clientID` and `oauthTokenURI` are secrets, I mean, AFAIK, only the `clientSecret` is a sensitive data, clientId usually is part of the query string

Reviewer 2: but we can move it into TriggerAuthentication as it's related with the credentials, but they aren't sensitive data

Reviewer: yeah, this is what I mean. It logically belongs there imho. Kafka is done this way also.

Author: The clientID is already part of `TirggerAuthentication`. see the code example:  https://github.com/kedacore/keda-docs/pull/1161/files#diff-36e3935f303a0a808c6ee2bc08e18d62f54d555079a822c101882f3aec0198a6R268-R280

The idea is to have the additional `clientID` in the metadata is to mainly for ease of use. with[ OAuth RFC8705](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc8705), it is possible to request the access token without the secret. In this case, developer can just have everything in the metadata without secret. see example for this case:  https://github.com/kedacore/keda-docs/pull/1161/files#diff-36e3935f303a0a808c6ee2bc08e18d62f54d555079a822c101882f3aec0198a6R308-R328

Reviewer: Okay make sense. Could you please then add also the `scopes` and `oauthTokenURI` to TriggerAuth as well? The same way `clientID` is done.

- `cert`: Certificate for client authentication.
- `key`: Key for client authentication. 

**OAuth 2**

When configuring OAuth Authentication, configure the following:

> - `oauthTokenURI` - Token endpoint for your OAuth provider(Optional)
> - `scope` - space delimited oauth scopes(Optional)
> - `clientID`: the clientID  (optional)
> - `clientSecret`: the clientSecret  (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `oauthTokenURI` - The OAuth Access Token URI for the OAuth provider. (Optional)
- `scope` -  A comma separated lists of OAuth scopes. (Optional)
- `clientID`: Client ID for the OAuth provider. (Optional)
- `clientSecret`: Client secret for the OAuth provider. (Optional)
```
